Just a Story of a Fox

Once upon a time, there was a fox. This fox used to always be seen here and there whenever the lions did something. In the forest, a very senior lion had just died. The fox saw an opportunity. When the whole forest was mourning, it climbed up the cave and called the entire forest there. 

At the gathering, the fox instigates the entire forest against the workings of nature. It provoked the animals to rethink the hierarchy and structure followed in the forest. Instead of fixing the hiercarchy reasonably, it called for anarchy and savagery. The animals, also fed up with the rule of the skies, were quick to revere this fox. 

The fox soon promised to bring change, using the name of the deceased lion to its advantage. It used the lion's name to arouse sentiments and feelings that would make it seem like someone good. 

Meanwhile, the skies descended seeing the dissent caused within the forest. Even though this was a good opportunity and the animals trusted the fox to lead them to glory, the fox was after all, a fox. 

While the fox used to flex it's "muscles" in front of the skies to prove it's "capabilities" to the forest, the skies gave the fox a chance to prove its worth. However, when the fox reached the skies, not a single roar, or even a slight noise came out of the fox; and sadly the forest remains fooled. 

At the end of the day, the skies seized the opportunity and became darker than they were, and everyone forgot the deceased lion and the lions yet alive. The fox which once claimed to fight against the hierarchy, succumbed to whatever material benefits the workings of the skies, nature and new hierarchies offered. It also enjoyed the anarchy on the ground, for it got to feel important by preying on small animals without regard for any law. It also replaced the place of the lions, regardless of the utterly injustifiable irony, and probably got what it must've always wanted - a sense of power. Once again, the forest lays in dismay, without even realising the further degradation, for the skies prevail with more power than ever, the and the unfair hierarchy persists above the on-ground anarchy. 

A fox cannot become a lion, how much ever it tries to roar. At the end, it will satisfy itself with a few raindrops from the skies than try to lead the forest towards its rightful claim of the bountiful waterbodies. Still, the animals blame the lions for the fate and the fox they themselves continue to choose, and pray to the fox for nothing. The lions move on to richer forests with less polluted skies and grow. Their good nature and sense of responsibility towards their forest makes them continue to hope that their old forests’ newer generations get the skies they deserve (before losing their innocence from the existing state of affairs, of course), someday. 

Moral of the story: A fox cannot become a lion, how much ever it tries to roar. By the time the forest realises that, it may be too late. 

